Deploy/Heroku/README.md, before:

# Heroku Deployment Guide

## Prereqs

Install heroku cli tool from Homebrew

## Setup.

1. Create a Heroku account
2. Create an app on Heroku, perhaps named "sincereauth-server-{name}"
3. Provision this app with a Postgres DB and a Redis DB
4. Set config variables in Heroku's web portal or thru the command line

- `AUTH_PRIVATE_KEY`: Base64. Output of `swish generate-jwt-key`
- `DB_SYMMETRIC_KEY`: output of `swish generate-db-key`
- `SELF_ISSUER_ID`: Custom name of your issuer. For example: `com.fullqueuedeveloper.MyAppServer`
- `APPLE_SERVICES_KEY`: Base64. Create under `Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles` > `Keys` or find here https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/authkeys/list
- `APPLE_SERVICES_KEY_ID`: ID of the `APPLE_SERVICES_KEY`
- `APPLE_TEAM_ID`: your Apple team ID. Looks like `ARST1234`
- `APPLE_APP_ID`: the bundle ID of your app. Looks like `com.fullqueuedeveloper.FQAuthSample
- `DATABASE_URL`: the URL to your Postgres database
- `REDIS_URL`: the URL to your Redis instance
- `RUN_SCHEDULED_QUEUES_IN_MAIN_PROCESS` - When limited in number of process, you may run the scheduled queues in-process by setting this variable to `YES`. If you can only run one extra process, prioritize the regular queues variable (the other one).
- `RUN_QUEUES_IN_MAIN_PROCESS` - When limited in number of process, you may run the queues in-process by setting this variable to `YES`. If you can only run one extra process, prioritize the regular queues variable (this one).
- `RUN_AUTO_MIGRATE` - When limited in number of process, you may run the database in-process by setting this variable to `YES`. This is only safe when you are only running 1 replica of the main app process.

5. Clone the SincereAuth repo to your local computer
6. Choose container stack `heroku stack:set -a sincereauth-server-{name} container` (app name is from step 2)
7. Setup heroku remote `heroku git:remote -a sincereauth-server-{name}`
8. Push to heroku `git push heroku trunk:main`
9. After you login the first time, you may manually add the admin role to your user in the database, as that's not supported yet in the UI.

   UPDATE `USER` SET roles = '{"admin"}'::text[]

Commit message:

additional bundle ids for grouped apps

Deploy/Heroku/README.md, after:

# Heroku Deployment Guide

## Prereqs

Install heroku cli tool from Homebrew

## Setup.

1. Create a Heroku account
2. Create an app on Heroku, perhaps named "sincereauth-server-{name}"
3. Provision this app with a Postgres DB and a Redis DB
4. Set config variables in Heroku's web portal or thru the command line

- `AUTH_PRIVATE_KEY`: Base64. Output of `swish generate-jwt-key`
- `DB_SYMMETRIC_KEY`: output of `swish generate-db-key`
- `SELF_ISSUER_ID`: Custom name of your issuer. For example: `com.fullqueuedeveloper.MyAppServer`
- `APPLE_SERVICES_KEY`: Base64. Create under `Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles` > `Keys` or find here https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/authkeys/list
- `APPLE_SERVICES_KEY_ID`: ID of the `APPLE_SERVICES_KEY`
- `APPLE_TEAM_ID`: your Apple team ID. Looks like `ARST1234`
- `APPLE_APP_ID`: the bundle ID of your app. Looks like `com.fullqueuedeveloper.FQAuthSample`
- `ADDITIONAL_APPLE_APP_IDS`: App Store Connect App Bundle IDs for secondary apps in your app group, delimited by spaces
- `DATABASE_URL`: the URL to your Postgres database
- `REDIS_URL`: the URL to your Redis instance
- `RUN_SCHEDULED_QUEUES_IN_MAIN_PROCESS` - When limited in number of process, you may run the scheduled queues in-process by setting this variable to `YES`. If you can only run one extra process, prioritize the regular queues variable (the other one).
- `RUN_QUEUES_IN_MAIN_PROCESS` - When limited in number of process, you may run the queues in-process by setting this variable to `YES`. If you can only run one extra process, prioritize the regular queues variable (this one).
- `RUN_AUTO_MIGRATE` - When limited in number of process, you may run the database in-process by setting this variable to `YES`. This is only safe when you are only running 1 replica of the main app process.

5. Clone the SincereAuth repo to your local computer
6. Choose container stack `heroku stack:set -a sincereauth-server-{name} container` (app name is from step 2)
7. Setup heroku remote `heroku git:remote -a sincereauth-server-{name}`
8. Push to heroku `git push heroku trunk:main`
9. After you login the first time, you may manually add the admin role to your user in the database, as that's not supported yet in the UI.

   UPDATE `USER` SET roles = '{"admin"}'::text[]
